# Identify the Clefs.
The Story line of Level 1:

1. The player Enters the arena.
2. A tutorial page is shown explaining the details of what to, the page has a button for OKAY!.
3. The Score Board is initalized with Correct Notes, Wrong Notes, Life Left(Initalized to 3 lives), Boxes left to find.
4. There are a number of note miner boxes lying in the arena, shoot the box to pop open the note.
5. The Notes start moving in random directions when pops out.
6. Notes can be either allowed to touch the player or can be shoot down or cut with a knife.
7. If a friend note touches you, you get +100 points and if you shoot them, you loose 50 points from you Frindship Score.
8. If an enemy note touches, you go dead with death animation and loose a life. Shoot an enemy note and you get +100 points in Enmity Score
9. Final Score is the addiction of Correct Note Score(Friendship Score) and Wrong Notes Score(Enmity Score).
10. When fall down to hell wall, restart the level.
11. Loose all 3 lives, then Go Back to Main Menu with Game Over(Or Retat as of now with Game Over Animation!).
12. All the time, boxes left to find keeps getting updated.
13. Game Ends when all the Boxes are found, ends with proper cheering up!
14. Walking Sound needed?
15. There will be a level timer.
16. There'a a timer for every Note Mine. On the expiration,  no matter enemy or frind, you loose 20 points.
17. Hit a wrong Note, player dies. Press R to resurrect. Die thrice to Game Over.
18. Give popups or some signal on correct and wrong note selection.

17. The good notes dissapear after a timeout.
18. Add some bonuses when uncovered, it uncovers everybody for all.
19. Dynamic Ladders.
20. Show popups everywhere for feedbacks. Like press R for resurrect, Game Completed, Game Over, Note Expiration, Level Expiration etc.

21. Find the Bonus in the lower platforms, then the moving ladder appears and takes you to the upper part of the arena.
22. Random instantiation of the Carets.
23. To show the direction of the next hunt or the map.

Feedbacks:

1. Consecutive 3 wrong note selection will pop up a guide to clarify the specific Notes on which he makes mistakes.
2. If the player wants, then put spot lights on the notes that needs to be found.
3. if not able to find more boxes, then after 1 minutes give hints on where the next boxes are located.
4. Depending on the final scores, gives feedback on what were the most mistaken notes and show the notes again once.


Assets:
1. Mild background Music.
2. Poping out sound when the note is uncovered.
3. As soon as shot or touched, the audio feedback should be played. Need the audio for the notes.(Mild Clossion sound for clefs.)
4. 3 Sprites for 3 clefs.
5. Name the asset images accordingly and set /reset the images in the sprite Renderer from code, randomly.
